add github templates (#107)
pingcap/dumpling: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

This document outlines some of the conventions on development workflow, commit
message formatting, contact points and other resources to make it easier to get
your contribution accepted.

## Getting started

- Fork the repository on GitHub.
- Read the README.md for build instructions.
- Play with the project, submit bugs, submit patches!

## Building Dumpling & Run tests

Developing Dumpling requires:

* [Go 1.13.5+](http://golang.org/doc/code.html)
* An internet connection to download the dependencies

Simply run `make` to build the program.

```sh
make
```

This project contains unit tests and integration tests with coverage collection.
See [README.md](https://github.com/pingcap/dumpling#building) for how to execute tests.

### Updating dependencies

Dumpling manages dependencies using [Go 1.13 module](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
To add or update a dependency, either

* Use the `go mod edit` command to change the dependency, or

> * Edit `go.mod` and then run `make update` to update the checksum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Edit `go.mod` and then run `go mod tidy` to update the checksum.
```

dumpling doesn't have `make update` command. and in lightning it is equivalent to `go mod verify && go mod tidy` anyway.

## Contribution flow

This is a rough outline of what a contributor's workflow looks like:

- Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work. This is usually `master`.
- Make commits of logical units and add test case if the change fixes a bug or adds new functionality.
- Run tests and make sure all the tests are passed.
- Make sure your commit messages are in the proper format (see below).
- Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
- Submit a pull request.

> - Your PR must receive LGTMs from one maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your PR must receive an LGTM from one maintainer.
```

> - Your PR must receive LGTMs from two maintainers.

Author: No, I think we needn't. I have addressed this.
